{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 	Mara and I successfully packed our bags and got in the car, ready to start our Iberian adventure. We hadn\'92t done much by way of planning site visits and touristy adventures, assuming our dedication to exploring and Mara\'92s fading memory of her time in Spain would lead us along the right path.\
With France so close in our rearview mirror, I intended to apply some of the lessons I\'92d learned on that trip to this one. I packed some extras I thought would come in handy\'97including some ziploc bags (purchased in Paris, actually) and some vacuum bags to hold dirty clothes. I researched some packing techniques online so I could also pack more clothes. In France, with no washing machine, we\'92d exhausted our outfits, and ended up dirty and smelly on our last day. I was hoping that by following some professional packing techniques from the internet, I\'92d be able to cram more clothes into my bags, and thus have more clothes to use as I grew smellier. And studying my weather app, I foresaw some smelly times ahead\'97temperatures in the 80s, 90s, and even over 100 awaited us in Granada and Seville, so I knew I would be sweating through some clothing. So far, I\'92ve been fairly successful at staying relatively presentable.\
Dropping off the car presented us with our first hurdle. Despite our previous experiences with leaving the car with Pi, we decided to leave the car with Pi. In the past, she had lost the car and gotten a ticket, so I wasn\'92t a huge fan of her watching the car. This time, the drop off was a fiasco. Pi had left a lockbox locked to the gate outside her apartment entry way. Not only had a dog peed on it, but there were several people standing around watching us futz with the box, making the whole thing feel unsafe. When a couple minutes of trying to close the box passed without Mara actually being able to close the box, we needed other options. Mara was able to get into the building and then stuff the key under Pi\'92s door. An inauspicious start to the trip, but perhaps it meant our travails were behind us.\
Syed picked us up in his car to drive us to JFK. The poor guy tried to communicate through his Banhladeshi accent and poor grasp of English, but I think we only caught around one-third of what he had to say. He was very nice and friendly, asking us about his trip and telling us he\'92d fly to London to visit his sister in July. He was denied a British visa when he was in Bangladesh, but he was able to get it when he applied from the United States. Also, it was Ramadan, and he seemed very hungry. I felt bad for him, and we gave him an extra tip on top of the Uber fee.\
To get to our terminal, we had to take a short bus, then we hunted around for prime real estate at a bar. The Warriors game was on and we were determined to watch it! Klay, KD, and Steph all came out guns blazing and the boys held onto a lead for the entire first half. The bar closed, unfortunately, and we boarded the plane during the third. The plane wasn\'92t full, which was nice, and Mara and I had two seats together on one side of the plane, which was also nice. I was excited! Unfortunately, the Cars took the lead back and the Dubs were only able to get within three before I 
\i had
\i0  to put my phone in airplane mode for takeoff. The entire flight we\'92d be in suspense about the outcome! \
Mara and I took our sleeping pills are started to dose. There was a meal service\'97despite taking off at 11:30. I guess, with Spain as our destination, we were supposed to get used to the late dining. I passed out before finishing my meal and have faint memories of a flight attendant taking my tray away. \
The flight was incredibly bumpy, and I woke up several times. My foot was also cramping, and I would try to squirm around in my sleep to make it feel better, which would cause my eyes to flutter open. At some point, I became aware of Mara\'92s absence. I was so out of it due to the sleeping pill that I briefly thought she\'92d been kidnapped, and I\'92d have to save her. But knowing the kidnapper could not get her off the flight, I decided to put off the rescue mission, at least until we landed\'85\
A landing bumpy enough to pair well with the flight and we were in Spain. Mara warned me to get used to a slower pace of life\'97and a lazier attentiveness in services provided. Because our flight landed at the same time as another, we had to wait in a long line before it was our turn at passport control. I was boiling with hot pee and desperate to get into the country. Luckily, we got our passports stamped and our bladders relieved. 
\i iBienvenido en Espa\'f1a! \

\i0 Our loads newly lightened, our first order of business was to catch a city bus to the bus station. I had deja vu to similar bus rides\'97as in Berlin and Paris, the bus had a middle accordion section that rocked back and forth on turns. We became friendly with two women also heading to the train station, and also American. They too were headed to Granada, and on the same bus as us.\
We found our bus station and our bus line. We had about forty minutes to kill so we went to a cafe across the street for a little lunch. We had a 
\i tortilla espa\'f1ol, jam\'f3n
\i0 , and 
\i ensalata de casa
\i0 . I was excited about it all, but unfortunately, the house salad came with a scoop of tuna on top. Mara warned me that this was common, but I was happy with my delicious 
\i cafe con leche 
\i0 and my share of the other plates. I already knew I was going to love eating in Spain. \
We boarded the bus and found a seat on the opposite side of the sun\'97a tip Mara gave me but one I\'92d also read in a Rick Steves book. A young couple with their baby sat behind us. The baby was very well behaved and curious, and Mara had fun cooing at him. 
\i Que guapo, 
\i0 she said. His name was Alejandro and he slept on the flight the couple had just taken, so he was very curious about the goings on the bus. As we started off through the scrubland of 
\i Andalus
\i0 , Mara eventually drifted away and I read a little 
\i Moby-Dick
\i0 . \
Our third bus of the day took us to the foot of the Albaizyn neighborhood\'97though I did not yet know the name. The trip saw the city contract into itself, and the streets grow more compact. We got off and Mara was abuzz with memories, pointing to places and recalling events now almost two decades old. We walked by the Cathedral and up a smalll }